Sample readme updates + Ignoring .env files (#41)
microsoft/semantic-kernel: samples/apps/auth-api-webapp-react/README.md

## Running the sample

> 1. You will need an [Open AI Key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) or

Reviewer: This link takes you to a "Authentication required" page, whereas the previous one is just the public api landing page. I see why you'd want to navigate people directly to the keys page, but if they're not already signed up (and many won't be), it's probably not the ideal experience.

Author: @shawncal I changed that because today when you get into the /api you are redirected to /product and there is not clear where this APIs keys are making a potential 1 step in a 4 step process.

/api (4 step process)

1. Click in `for developers` that will bring the page to: https://openai.com/product#made-for-developers

2. Click in `Get Started` 

3. They are presented to an Authentication required page (little similar to the proposed experience).
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19890735/224259112-9e81eb4e-c00d-4fd3-a289-749deb2687e7.png)

4. Need to figure out that the API keys are in the context menu of the user icon on top menu bar.

I have two options here:
1. Bring the link back to the product page, requiring some extra steps and more time / cleverness for non pro-developers to find where is this API Key place.
2. Add an extra description in the readme informing that a Sign Up/Login is required and will be presented before clicking in the API key link.

   [Azure Open AI Service key](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/openai/quickstart)
   for this sample
2. Ensure the KernelHttpServer sample is already running at `http://localhost:7071`. If not, follow the steps 

>    how to start it [here](../../dotnet/KernelHttpServer/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to start it [here](../../dotnet/KernelHttpServer/README.md).
```

3. You will also need to
   [register your application](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app)
   in the Azure Portal. Follow the steps to register your app
   [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app).
    - Select **`Single-page application (SPA)`** as platform type, and the Redirect URI will be **`http://localhost:3000`**
    - Select **`Personal Microsoft accounts only`** as supported account types for this sample
4. Once registered, copy the **Application (client) ID** from the Azure Portal and paste

>    the GUID into the new **[.env](.env)** file created next to `REACT_APP_GRAPH_CLIENT_ID=` (first line of the .env file).

Reviewer: "into the new .env file create next to...."

Sounds to me like we've just created a new .env file for them. Is that accurate?

Author: Good point, missed that when moved from .env.development back to .env.

## Running the sample

1. Create a new copy of `.env.development` and save it as `.env` next to the original. 
   - The `.env` file will be ignored by git and will not be checked in by default.

> 1. You will need an [Open AI Key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) or

Reviewer 2: pls undo the "1." "1." "1." change. I know that markdown renders numbers automatically, but we should keep markdown docs readable also without the need to render them (which I believe is one of the goals of MD :-))

Author: @dluc good point! Changed!

> [!CAUTION]
> Each function will call Open AI which will use tokens that you will be billed for.

## Troubleshooting

### unauthorized_client: The client does not exist or is not enabled for consumers.

1. Ensure in your Application Manifest that **`Personal Microsoft accounts`** are allowed to sign in.
   - `"signInAudience": "PersonalMicrosoftAccount"` or
   - `"signInAudience": "AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount"`

> 2. If you are not able to change the manifest, create a new Application using [Running the sample](#running-the-sample) step 3 instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you are not able to change the manifest, create a new Application following the instructions in [Running the sample](#running-the-sample), step 3.
```
